Fix docs (#805)
mosdef-hub/gmso: docs/index.rst

GMSO: Flexible storage of chemical topology for molecular simulation
====================================================================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
    :target: http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

`GMSO` is a flexible storage of chemical topology for molecular simulation.
With a few lines of `GMSO` code, together with `mBuild <https://mbuild.mosdef.org>`_ and `foyer <https://foyer.mosdef.org>`_, users can rapidly prototype arbitrary parameterized chemical systems and generate data files for a wide variety of simulation engines.

GMSO is a part of the MoSDeF ecosystem
-----------------------------------------
`GMSO` is designed to be a general and flexible representation of chemical topolgies for molecular simulation.
With an emphasis on assuming as little as possible about the chemical system, model, or engine, `GMSO` can enable support for a variety of systems.

> `GMSO` is a part of the `MoSDeF (Molecular Simulation and Design Framework) <https://mosdef.org>`_ ecosystem, and is intended to be the backend replacement for the `foyer package <https://foyer.mosdef.org>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GMSO` is a part of the `MoSDeF (Molecular Simulation and Design Framework) <https://mosdef.org>`_ ecosystem, and is intended to be a generalized alternative for the `foyer package <https://foyer.mosdef.org>`_.
```
